
 x64lab
 Syntax Colouring

  Syntax colouring enhances readability of documents.
  Colouring informations are stored in the [config\ext] directory,
  using TOP format files. Example of file with colouring informations is the
  [config\ext\assembly.utf8]

  Such files ending in ".utf8" may be considered "class" files.
  In the [config\ext] directory you can find several other 0-byte
  files that refers each of them to their corresponding class file.

  They show the class in the 2nd part of their filename.
  These are "extension" files, example.: "inc.assembly"
  "asm.assembly","equ.assembly"
 
  Note: for the nature of Unicode and languages we dont know
  a fast and efficient method to distinguish UPPERCASE letters from
  lovercases. For this reason, having the extension file
  "asm.assembly" all files ending in ".asm" will be opened
  correctly. On the contrary no syntax colouring applies to those having ".Asm" 
  as extension. to allow Syntax Colouring on those ".Asm", create a 0-byte file
  in the [config\ext] directory and name it as
  "Asm.assembly".

  The class file (ex.:"assembly.utf8") is a script file of commands for the 
  Scintilla component. Implemented commands are:
  
  lexer      set a lexer for a type of file.
             a list of all lexers is in the [shared\scintilla.inc]
             of the source package of x64lab
             Note: not all lexers have been included in the final build
             of Scintilla component.

 	multisel   bool multiple selection
	stylebits  the bits of the style 
	tabwidth   number of tabs
	selback    back color of selection
	keyword    keywords by highlighting
	style      after which settings apply
	back       backcolor of text
	bold       set bold
	fore       forecolor of text
	font       font name
	fontsize   font size
	italic     set italic
	clearall   applies settings as default
	commline   define string to un/comment a single line
	commstart  define string to comment-start a block of lines
	commend    define string to comment-end a block of lines

  
	- Reload Scintilla Classes

   the Menuitem "Edit|Reload Scintilla Classes" allows user to
   reload edited classes. Colouring changes apply after reopening
   eventual current edited files.


  
  
   

  
